README.md, before:

**Replication Materials** for 

Galen Hall, Joshua Basseches, Rebecca Bromley-Trujillo, and Trevor Culhane, "CHORUS: A new dataset of state interest group policy positions in the United States", _State Politics & Policy Quarterly_ (forthcoming 2023).

If you use our code and/or data, please cite the paper as:

```
@article{hall2023chorus,
  title={CHORUS: A new dataset of state interest group policy positions in the United States},
  author={Hall, Galen and Basseches, Joshua and Bromley-Trujillo, Rebecca and Culhane, Trevor},
  journal={State Politics \& Policy Quarterly},
  year={2023},
  publisher={SAGE Publications Sage CA: Los Angeles, CA}
}
```

## Data
The data used in this project is available online in the SPPQ Dataverse: https://dataverse.harvard.edu/dataverse/sppq. To download it locally, run the `code/download.py` file.

## Code
The python code used to generate the data and figures presented in the paper is available in the `code` folder. Code used to create the CHORUS dataset is available for review upon reasonable request.

Files:
- `download.py`: Downloads the data from the SPPQ Dataverse.
- `load.py`: Loads the data into memory as pandas dataframes.
- `figures.py`: Functions to generate the figures presented in the paper.
- `utils.py`: Utility functions for data analysis and plotting.
- `hbsbm.py` : Functions to create the hierarchical bayesian stochastic block models. When recreating results from scratch using `run_all_blockmodels_from_scratch()`, note that since the blockmodels are stochastic, the results will not be identical to those presented in the paper.
- `main.py`: Main file to run the code.

## Figures
The figures presented in the paper are available in the `figures` folder. The code used to generate them is available in the `code/figures.py` file. Note that the figures in the paper have been edited for clarity and aesthetics.

## Requirements
The code was written in Python 3.10 The required packages are listed in `requirements.txt`. To install them, run the following command in the terminal:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt.
```

Commit message:

added license and updated README.md

README.md, after:

**Replication Materials** for 

Galen Hall, Joshua Basseches, Rebecca Bromley-Trujillo, and Trevor Culhane, "CHORUS: A new dataset of state interest group policy positions in the United States", _State Politics & Policy Quarterly_ (forthcoming 2023).

If you use our code and/or data, please cite the paper as:

```
@article{hall2023chorus,
  title={CHORUS: A new dataset of state interest group policy positions in the United States},
  author={Hall, Galen and Basseches, Joshua and Bromley-Trujillo, Rebecca and Culhane, Trevor},
  journal={State Politics \& Policy Quarterly},
  year={2023},
  publisher={SAGE Publications Sage CA: Los Angeles, CA}
}
```

## Data
The data used in this project is available online in the SPPQ Dataverse: https://dataverse.harvard.edu/dataverse/sppq. To download it locally, run the `code/download.py` file.

## Code
The python code used to generate the data and figures presented in the paper is available in the `code` folder. Code used to create the CHORUS dataset is available for review upon reasonable request.

Files:
- `download.py`: Downloads the data from the SPPQ Dataverse.
- `load.py`: Loads the data into memory as pandas dataframes.
- `figures.py`: Functions to generate the figures presented in the paper.
- `utils.py`: Utility functions for data analysis and plotting.
- `hbsbm.py` : Functions to create the hierarchical bayesian stochastic block models. When recreating results from scratch using `run_all_blockmodels_from_scratch()`, note that since the blockmodels are stochastic, the results will not be identical to those presented in the paper.
- `main.py`: Main file to run the code.

## Figures
The figures presented in the paper are available in the `figures` folder. The code used to generate them is available in the `code/figures.py` file. Note that the figures in the paper have been edited for clarity and aesthetics.

## Requirements
The code was written in Python 3.10 Most required packages are listed in `requirements.txt`. To install them, run the following command in the terminal:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt.
```
The hbsbm code also requires the `graph-tool` package, which can be installed via Conda but is not available on PyPI. To install it, follow the instructions [on the graph-tool website](https://git.skewed.de/count0/graph-tool/-/wikis/installation-instructions).

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details.

## Contact
For questions or comments, please contact Galen Hall at
<galen.p.hall [at] gmail.com>.

## Acknowledgments
This project was supported with funding from the Climate Social Science Network (CSSN); see https://cssn.org for more information. We thank the CSSN for their support.

The blockmodeling code is based on the [hbsbm](http://git.skewed.de/count0/hbsbm) package by Tiago Peixoto.

The authors are responsible for all errors.
